task_geo/data_sources/mobility/audit.md, before:

# GOOGLE MOBILITY REPORTS

## General information

- **Description**: Contains the variations in mobility tracked by Google worldwide.
    The data is presented at both country and region level, with lesser granularity in some cases (US).
- **Credits**: Google.
- **Source**: https://www.google.com/covid19/mobility/

## Description

**country_iso**
- Description: ISO-2 code for the country
- Type: string


**region**
- Description: Name of the region
- Type: string

**date**
- Description: The date the measurements corresponds to
- Type: date.

**retail_recreation**
- Description: Variance in the given category in relation to the baseline.
- Type: float

**grocery_pharmacy**
- Description: Variance in the given category in relation to the baseline.
- Type: float

**parks**
- Description: Variance in the given category in relation to the baseline.
- Type: float

**transit_stations**
- Description: Variance in the given category in relation to the baseline.
- Type: float

**workplaces**
- Description: Variance in the given category in relation to the baseline.
- Type: float

**residential**
- Description:
- Type: float


## Transformations applied

There are no transformation to the original dataset, as there is not an original dataset.
This dataset is generated by extracting the data contained in the different reports given.

Commit message:

PR Feedback
- Retrieve data from CSV summary instead of downloading and parsing the PDFs
- Fix typos and redaction in audit.md and datapackage.json
- Update example notebook

task_geo/data_sources/mobility/audit.md, after:

# GOOGLE MOBILITY REPORTS

## General information

- **Description**: Contains the variations in mobility tracked by Google worldwide.
    The data is presented at both country and region level, with lesser granularity in some cases (US).
- **Credits**: Google.
- **Source**: https://www.google.com/covid19/mobility/

## Description

**country_iso**
- Description: ISO-2 code for the country
- Type: string


**region**
- Description: Name of the region
- Type: string

**date**
- Description: The date the measurements corresponds to
- Type: date.

**retail_recreation**
- Description: Changes in movement for places classified as retail and recreation.
- Type: float

**grocery_pharmacy**
- Description: Changes in movement for places classified as grocery and pharmacy.
- Type: float

**parks**
- Description: Changes in movement for places classified as parks.
- Type: float

**transit_stations**
- Description: Changes in movement for places classified as transit and stations.
- Type: float

**workplaces**
- Description: Changes in movement for places classified as workplaces.
- Type: float

**residential**
- Description: Changes in movement for places classified as residential.
- Type: float


## Transformations applied

The only transformations applied to the original dataset are:
- Renaming of columns
- Casting of values
